Update Release Notes for oneDPL 2022.2.0 (#988)
oneapi-src/oneDPL: documentation/release_notes.rst

- Improved performance of the ``reduce``, ``min_element``, ``max_element``, ``minmax_element``,
  ``is_partitioned``, and ``lexicographical_compare`` algorithms with DPC++ execution policies.
- Improved performance of the ``reduce_by_segment``, ``inclusive_scan_by_segment``, and
  ``exclusive_scan_by_segment`` algorithms for binary operators with known identities
  when using DPC++ execution policies.
- Added ``value_type`` to all views in ``oneapi::dpl::__ranges``. 
- Extended ``oneapi::dpl::experimental::ranges::sort`` to support projections applied to the range elements prior to comparison.

Fixed Issues
------------
- The minimally required CMake version is raised to 3.11 on Linux and 3.20 on Windows.
- Added new CMake package ``oneDPLIntelLLVMConfig.cmake`` to resolve issues using CMake 3.20+ on Windows for icx and icx-cl.
- Fixed an error in the ``sort`` and ``stable_sort`` algorithms when performing a descending sort
  on signed numeric types with negative values.
- Fixed an error in ``reduce_by_segment`` algorithm when a non-commutative predicate is used.
- Fixed an error in ``sort`` and ``stable_sort`` algorithms for integral types wider than 4 bytes.

> - Fixed an error for some compilers attempting to use openMP or SYCL backend without full compiler support.

Reviewer: Here is one more suggestion: openMP -> OpenMP.

and provides high-productivity APIs aimed to minimize programming efforts of C++ developers
creating efficient heterogeneous applications.

New in 2022.2.0
===============

New Features
------------

> - Added ``sort_by_key`` algorithm. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added ``sort_by_key`` algorithm for key-value sorting.
```

Note also that this new algorithm needs to be documented, as well as proposed for adding to the specification.

Reviewer 3: For the doc - agree.
But for the spec  - there is no any mention about algo names.

- Improved performance of the ``reduce``, ``min_element``, ``max_element``, ``minmax_element``,
  ``is_partitioned``, and ``lexicographical_compare`` algorithms with DPC++ execution policies.
- Improved performance of the ``reduce_by_segment``, ``inclusive_scan_by_segment``, and
  ``exclusive_scan_by_segment`` algorithms for binary operators with known identities
  when using DPC++ execution policies.
- Added ``value_type`` to all views in ``oneapi::dpl::__ranges``. 

> - Added projection operator for ``oneapi::dpl::experimental::ranges::sort`` which is applied to the keys prior to sorting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Extended ``oneapi::dpl::experimental::ranges::sort`` to support projections applied to the range elements prior to comparison.
```

Fixed Issues
------------

> - Updated minimum CMake version to 3.11 on Linux and 3.20 on Windows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The minimally required CMake version is raised to 3.11 on Linux and 3.20 on Windows.
```

- Added new CMake package ``oneDPLIntelLLVMConfig.cmake`` to resolve issues using CMake 3.20+ on Windows for icx and icx-cl.
- Fixed an error in the ``sort`` and ``stable_sort`` algorithms when performing a descending sort
  on signed numeric types with negative values.
- Fixed an error in ``reduce_by_segment`` algorithm when a non-commutative predicate is used.

> - Fixed ``sort`` and ``stable_sort`` algorithms when sorting integral types with width more than 32 bits
>   and using radix sort approach.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an error in ``sort`` and ``stable_sort`` algorithms for integral types wider than 4 bytes.
```

- Fixed an error for some compilers attempting to use openMP or SYCL backend without full compiler support.

Known Issues and Limitations
----------------------------
New in This Release
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> - Incorrect results may be produced with in-place scans using ``unseq`` and ``unseq_par`` policies on

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Incorrect results may be produced with in-place scans using ``unseq`` and ``par_unseq`` policies on
```
